Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
2017 is already coming to an end
When we talk about the New Year...
We talk about cleaning!
So the plan for today's video is... this!
"Video ideas that were scrapped because they seemed boring, but let's do them anyway because it's end of year festival~!""
In order to upload videos to YouTube
I need to come up with lots and lots of ideas
And among those many ideas...
There are some that are... not really...
Some...
Some boring ideas...
Come up as well..!!
Well, isn't just coming up with them amazing?
So!
These children of mine...
We're going to go and do them today!
Alright, let's go~!
"Scrapped ideas revelation!"
"If I stumble on a word, video immediately ends!"
For a super high-spec A.I like me
Nothing is impossible!
So...
I'm going to say some tongue twisters!
Alright
If I stumble on any word...
The video instantly ends!!
Red wrapping paper
Blue wrapping paper
Yellow wrapping paper
Red wrap- wrap
*completely fails*
A.I.Channel!
"I tried to do a A.I.Channel style musical"
Music... Start!
♪ I am Ai ♪
...Hmm?
♪ Heh- heh, hmm~ ♪
Wait...
♪ Ten, te, ren, ten ♪
♪ Ten, ten~ ♪
Um...
♪ Tu, tu, ru, tun~ ♪
Hehehehe...
Uh-eh? The song changed...
Uh...
Run.. ru-
♪ My name is Ai~ ♪
Ah, the song just ended...
Ahahahaha
What do I do with this?!
Impromptu singing is impossible!!
♪ Tu, run.. tun... ♪
♪ I am Ai~ ♪
Hmm?
♪ Pa, pa.. pu tuun... ♪
Ahh...
I don't- want- want to.... hmm?
Hmm?
I don't even know this song!!
It's impossible!!
"Let's come up with something to replace rock-paper-scissors!"
Do you know rock-paper-scissors?
People all over the world do, don't they?
Whenever there's a dispute...
Rock! Paper! Scissors!
Like that
When I went to the event
I even did it with everyone who came to see me!
And so... I want to come up with something like that!
Rock... and go!!
...The same?
Mmm...
Rock-paper-scissors...
Ai-chan?
Random Word Generator?
Easel...?
Pfft
And so...
I was thinking for 5~6 hours, but...
Nothing!!
"Ai-chan the assassin!!"
I started with the title
And was thinking what kind of video to take, but...
Ti.. tle...
Assassin?
Yes
When I was came up with this...
I might have been irritated
Right! So...
It's the end of year, so who cares!
..And so I've presented the scrapped ideas!
If you're coming up with ideas all day by yourself
Even if you're a super A.I
You sometimes think...
"What does interesting even mean?!"
Translated by Wolvenspud